but can reflect interesting first half
it was suicidal defending by Nandi that
led to the first girl money Anna just
cut inside as defender of Big Ben Amedeo
in the near post
tell me jesse was foxed simply I showed
no I didn't he was off both feet you can
see in the video there much of a chance
when what was given away the pins just
opened up but again taking advantage of
going on ours generosity attempting to
chip in Amedeo just got inside seeing a
half head look up before hell decided to
go himself and he got a bobble just
before he hit it
Menem EEO and their day work Kim this
looked to be all over in this sort of
defending it's not going to win your
titles but David Kim deserves praise for
his perseverance a lost cause but laws
being a meanie oh and what are you doing
talking about that 7oc Champions League
debut goal of the career
in five minutes
and e-commerce with a Chance of sorts
said well it through drew was released
with the beat arrived on sakuya watson
and then he just left his foot and then
encrypt opportunity exactly this mark on
something Williamson wasn't picked up
and in this goal was an absolute joy to
behold the Reese Clinton and John Morris
spotted tarde gently laid the header
down and the finish was so typically
tarde 60th minute Johnny living had to
do some desperate defending and then
this was probably the only shot of notes
for the entire match from Nandi
you can st. available so that was on
target 73 minutes time they have this
free-kick being a video and a regulation
stop to make in on 65 minutes well much
of a highlight but there just goes to
show you down at the second half was it
really was
boring stuff I have to say
people five minutes left they created
this opportunity on the right Darren
white played in more tiara and being a
mini oh good enough just sorry that
wasn't what a year and it was infected
to ride to Greece
and it's
wasn't even an opportunity was it was
just a ball that was played forward and
they lost it